Improve README for first time users (#825)
tokio-rs/tracing: README.md

## Usage

(The examples below are borrowed from the `log` crate's yak-shaving
[example](https://docs.rs/log/0.4.10/log/index.html#examples), modified to

> idiomatic `tracing`.)

Reviewer: The intention behind this note was less about giving credit to the `log` crate (it's MIT-licensed, too, so that's not necessary), and more to highlight to users familiar with `log` that these examples can be compared with `log`'s to see differences between idiomatic use of `tracing` and log.

I agree that it probably shouldn't be the first thing you see when you read these docs. Do you think that's valuable to have someplace, still maybe later in the docs?

Author: I looked at the linked examples in `log` and the code all seemed to be quite different. There's an `info!()` but even there it's not clear if the macro syntax corresponds exactly?

So, I think it's a nice in-joke that instrumentation examples shave yaks, but it's probably not relevant this readme?

Reviewer: The examples may have also mutated enough since they were originally added that the comment may not really be valuable any longer --- I'm fine with removing it if it's no longer helpful.

tracing = "0.1"
```

Note: Libraries should *NOT* install a subscriber by using a method than calls

> `set_global_default()`, as this will cause conflicts when executables try to

Reviewer: I think we should at least discuss the _existence_ of  `set_global_default` and what it does before this warning. If the first example is changed to show `tracing_subscriber::init`, then users will read this note before even knowing that there is a function called  `set_global_default`.

Perhaps another example after the first one, explaining that `tracing_subscriber::init()` uses `set_global_default`, the generalized way of setting a global default subscriber?

Author: Added some better joining language between the examples to address this. I think one simple example and one complex example is enough?

set the default later.

### In Asynchronous Code

> To trace asynchronous code, the preferred method is using the [`#[instrument]`] attribute:

Reviewer: how about
```suggestion
To trace `async fn`s, the preferred method is using the [`#[instrument]`] attribute:
```
so that we don't give the incorrect impression that `#[instrument]` also works with `async` blocks?

Author: Done.

```rust
use tracing::{info, instrument};
use tokio::{io::AsyncWriteExt, net::TcpStream};
use std::io;

#[instrument]
async fn write(stream: &mut TcpStream) -> io::Result<usize> {
    let result = stream.write(b"hello world\n").await;
    info!("wrote to stream; success={:?}", result.is_ok());
    result
}
```

This requires the [`tracing-futures`] crate to be specified as a dependency.

> 

Reviewer: And then maybe put the example with the `instrument` combinator here as well, before discussing the reasons for this?

Author: This was an awkward join between the examples still. I've reworked the language here but left the motivation in the middle, as it helps understand the combinator (though you can arrive here without really having taken in what a span is yet).
